Oh, Nini!
Why are you here?
You rarely get off work on time today.
Shall we ask Xiao Xiao to have dinner together?
They all grew up in an orphanage
We need more bonding.
Okay, wait for me to call Xiao Xiao
Exactly. He recently got a new boyfriend.
Let's go to Tapoma Pass
This person is Wen Wenfu of Secretary Jiang
They look happy.
It should be a good night.
Ah, sorry, let me take a call first
like this
Come to the closet with me tonight and have a dream
Oh.
Yo here comes Tingting
The sun is out in the west today
I have known you for so many years
You like this
You're going down a cliff.
He is my childhood, not
Liang Shao
First of all, let me state that I am not Mr. Gu's woman
I am Mr. Gu's secretary
Secondly, what about your eyes?
You don't like vases.
You think that because in your worldview
Only judge people by their appearance
You and Mr. Gu are really at the top of the cloud
Yunting, your subordinate is so articulate
I'm speechless
Are you going to perform well today?
Otherwise I won't wander easily
Hey wait a minute
I will drink this cup for Mr. Gu
refreshing
Have another drink
It's over. It's over.
I won't sleep with Mr. Gu, will I?